SparkPost Contributor License Agreement
                   SparkPost ℅ Message Systems Inc
     Individual Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") V1.0
                   http://www.sparkpost.com/licenses/cla

Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement")
Plain English explanation: If you contribute changes to the Message Systems source code referencing this agreement, you are agreeing to grant to Message Systems and its successors and sublicensees a perpetual license and you are making some basic representations that the contributions you make to your knowledge do not infringe rights of third parties.
Formal Agreement:
Thank you for your interest in providing source code and/or documentation materials contributions to Message Systems, Inc.’s ("Message Systems") software. In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, Message Systems must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of Message Systems and its users; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.
This CLA shall be executed electronically via the Github CLA interface.  By accessing or using the Github repository where this CLA is referenced you (the individual) are agreeing to this CLA, and, to the extent you are any employee of a business and that business would be or is the owner of the Contributions, you are entering into this CLA on behalf of such entity, and represent that you have the actual authority to do so.
You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to Message Systems. Except for the license granted herein to Message Systems and recipients of software distributed by Message Systems, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.
1. Definitions.
 "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with Message Systems. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
 "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is submitted by You to Message Systems for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Message Systems (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Message Systems or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems (i.e. GitHub), forum posts, comments, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Message Systems for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work.
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Message Systems and to recipients of software distributed by Message Systems a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferrable, assignable and irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works and otherwise make any commercial or non commercial use of the Contributions.
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Message Systems, and except as stated below to recipients of software distributed by Message Systems, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferrable, assignable and irrevocable patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim, counterclaim or other third party claim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to Message Systems, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with Message Systems.
5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others) and that to Your actual knowledge on the date of each submission, you are not aware that Your Contributions, standing alone, infringe any patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right of a third party. You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.
6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Except as stated in this CLA, or unless required by applicable law or agreed to in a separate writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Message Systems separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as
 "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".
8. You agree to notify Message Systems of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
